the fcb news presents from the biggest
sports betting arena of the world
bwin juventus turin is the opponent in the
quarterfinal of the champions league of
bayern munich the reading has resulted
can as rummenigge the
chairman is with us in the
fcb news with your reaction shortly thereafter
been
yes that is without question no
Wish opponents there would be better loose
given for example at what
dortmund pulled her
have been more pleasant but it is not
wish concert we will have to take
how it came now and that
gets hard
on the other side also very sexy
a team we are against the us
statistically everything we have already experienced
I can play the last game in turin
me a 4 1 in the group phase 2009
but they also had to win
to us then just for the eighth-finals
qualify juventus is in a good mood
all games won as we did
in the league too and that will be one
interesting task but also knows that
you already have a nice one on bavaria today
Must first start at home
Italian football know well what
june is especially special at the moment
I would say similar to the fc
Bavaria are relatively strong in the
defensive wars should be very good
well organized very good goalie with
buffer and before that always one i say
very concentrated defensive and next to it
also front striker who are in a position
imo gates shoot so i would say
Team a bit of that
Bavarians are similar in terms of their strengths
and juve that will be interesting
his relatively new little task
stadium decoration is here I have to say
I'm not looking forward to it either
seen and so we'll see
on the pairings they have in total
probably already noticed malaga so
against borussia dortmund real madrid
against galatasaray istanbul paris too
home first against barcelona and just
the fc bavaria against juventus turin also
that will definitely be
really big challenge until then
is there in the Bundesliga game against
leverkusen tomorrow against the
hsv so in two and a half weeks it is
then so far
you have against the defeat
Arsenal spoke of a warning shot
has reached everyone we have yes
I like the one or the other a bit
Eleven games would not be played in now
the second half or in 2013 ten of them
won and of course have wednesday
played bad deservedly as well
you have to say lost but I think so
we should not of one now
Euphoric mood here
For weeks announced medially for months
It has become depressive
phase we should derive the
to draw correct lessons I have great
Trust our trainer Jupp
heynckes under the team that they too
Now the next weeks we use the
the bundesliga just then against
juventus turin back to the constitution
to come to the we need that
It will be difficult to reach the semi-final
But the quality we have that has
Team that is already very much
Often put forward thanks for the
assessment all good thank you whole
quantity please the players have the
draw before training in the cabin
pursued and above all bastian
schweinsteiger knows the old lady, juve
if we were enjoying already the
to play music in front of the open air
very early also in the olympic stadium
we still remember were always
very difficult games and it will be
also be
specially tactical juventus course
an excellent team i believe
only that you can see if you
already turned off yes I think
the champions league winner from the
the previous year you can see how good you are for
Honestly now to Barcelona
the unpleasant to let go we had
I think they can get that
technical team always hard to
play
Nonetheless, I believe when we arrive
our performance limit is 100
percent
then we will duel in the
come on but I believe we
need two top games around there
get ahead
then we'll keep it up with karl heinz
rummenigge of humility as ideal
companion sid franck ribery went
Today, he also delivers on his way
this still in the individual training the
Elongation allows an insert in
leverkusen will not play yet
xherdan shaqiri and rafinha
there jupp heynckes philipp lahm thomas
müller and also mario mandzukic one
treat yourself to a rest break
has not decided yet
Head coach whether times gomez or claudio
pizarro accumulate in storm na because
wish a nice weekend
maybe a relaxed evening today
at the Italian himself with each other